Jv fix outgoing links (#1450)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/code/javascript/okta_auth_sdk/index.md

You will need the following things for this guide:

- An Okta org - If you don't have an existing org, register for [Okta Developer Edition](https://developer.okta.com/signup/).

> - An OpenID Connect Application. Instructions for creating one can be found on [this page](https://help.okta.com/en/prod/okta_help_CSH.htm#csh-attribute-statements-saml), under the "OpenID Connect Wizard" section.

Reviewer: This is not the correct place to link to any more - the instructions for creating an OIDC app with the wizard are at:
https://help.okta.com/en/prod/Content/Topics/Apps/Apps_App_Integration_Wizard_OIDC.htm

Text should be changed to:
`- An OpenID Connect application. Instructions for creating one can be found on [this page](https://help.okta.com/en/prod/okta_help_CSH.htm#ext_Apps_App_Integration_Wizard-oidc)`

> - An OpenID Connect Application. Instructions for creating one can be found on [this page](https://help.okta.com/en/prod/okta_help_CSH.htm#csh-attribute-statements-saml), under the "OpenID Connect Wizard" section.

Author: ```suggestion
- An OpenID Connect Application. Instructions for creating one can be found on [this page](https://help.okta.com/en/prod/okta_help_CSH.htm#ext_Apps_App_Integration_Wizard-oidc), under the "OpenID Connect Wizard" section.
```

> - At least one User [assigned to the Application](https://help.okta.com/en/prod/okta_help_CSH.htm#ext-apps-page-show-application-embed-links).

Reviewer: This is going to be changed shortly when I get time to refactor this page, but I'll take that as a todo to fix the link.

The text should be updated though to 
`- At least one user [assigned to the application]` (no need for caps as these aren't resource objects)

> - At least one User [assigned to the Application](https://help.okta.com/en/prod/okta_help_CSH.htm#ext-apps-page-show-application-embed-links).

Author: ```suggestion
- At least one User [assigned to the application](https://help.okta.com/en/prod/okta_help_CSH.htm#ext-apps-page-show-application-embed-links).
```
